Downloading files is critical to completing the Business Analyst Nanodegree.
Sometimes, a file will look like it airs out when you try and open it.
When we left click this file,
it opens up in a new browser tab.
Don't worry, this is expected.
What you need to do is actually navigate back and you need to right
click on the link and select "Save link as" then you can save the file.
Also, sometimes links in the course will take you to a Google doc.
Now, if you don't have access to Google docs please email
into bizanalyst-support@udacity.com and we'll provide you with the file.
Also, many times when we do link to Google docs,
this file is actually also provided as a downloadable at the bottom of the page.